Correct display of resolutions for vertical video (#17)
videojs/videojs-contrib-quality-menu: README.md

When `true`, the plugin will attach bitrate information to the resolution labels (e.g. `720p @ 13806 kbps`). This option has no effect when `useResolutionLabels` is `false` or when resolution information is unavailable.

### `measureShortEdge`

> Type: `boolean` Default: `false`

> When `true`, the plugin will use a short edge to display the resolution for vertical video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `true`, the plugin will display the length of the shorter edge as the resolution, e.g. the width of a vertical video. Otherwise the height is used.
```
